c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\CaduceusBot.exe.config
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\obj\Debug\CaduceusBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\CaduceusBot.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\CaduceusBot.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\obj\Debug\CaduceusBot.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\obj\Debug\CaduceusBot.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\pictures\doge.png
C:\Users\Felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\Felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\Felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.WindowsMediaFormat.dll
C:\Users\Felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
C:\Users\Felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\Overwatch.Net.dll
C:\Users\Felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaduceusBot\CaduceusBot\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
